Rubric for grading Problem 1
Fork, Exec, and Signals -- server-admin.c
All work for this problem should have been done in the server-admin.c file.

Part (a) - max 10 points:
    In the runWebServer() function
    1.  (3 points) fork() is called in the parent process

    2.  (2 points) A check is made to confirm that fork() was successful. 
        An error message should be displayed if fork fails

    3.  (2 points) A check is made to determine whether we are in the 
        child process 

    4.  (3 points) In the child process, an 'exec' function is called to 
        run the "./server" program. No parameters are needed


Part (b) - max 10 points:
    In the runWebServer() function
    1.  (2 points) If fork() did not fail and we are not in child, 
        assume we are in the parent process 

    2.  (4 points) Call wait() or waitpid() in the parent process to wait 
        on the child

    3.  (4 points) After waiting for the child process to terminate, 
        if the "./server" program has been started fewer than MAX_STARTS times,
        call fork() again to spawn a child process to run the "./server" 
        program. In order words, calling fork(), running the "./server" program
        in a child process, and waiting on the child should all be done in a
        for loop.


Part (c) - max 10 points:
    Using the SIGUSR1 signal to trigger a safe shutdown of the system
    1.  (2 points) In main(), set up a signal handler to catch SIGUSR1 signal
        e.g., signal(SIGUSR1, signal_handler_function); OR 
        signal(SIGUSR1, &signal_handler_function);

    2.  (2 points) Define a signal handler function to catch and process the 
        SIGUSR1 signal, prototype should look something like this: 
        void handle_user_signal(int signum)

    3.  In the signal handler function:
        - (2 points) call kill(childPid, SIGKILL); where childPid is the pid
          of the child process
        - (2 points) call wait or waitpid() to wait for the child to terminate
        - (2 points) exit the server-admin gracefully with an appropriate
          message
